Update hackathon-march-2021.md (#675)
nf-core/nf-co.re: markdown/events/2021/hackathon-march-2021.md

### Reporting CoC Violations during the hackathon

In case of an immediate perceived threat at the hackathon, please reach out to any of the following individuals on Slack. Their names and the time-zones they are located in are indicated. 

- Alexander Peltzer (CET)
- Harshil Patel (GMT)
- Phil Ewels (CET)
- Gisela Gabernet (CET)
- James A. Fellows Yates (CET)
- Matthias Hörtenhuber (CET)
- Maxime Garcia (CET)
- Renuka Kudva (CET)
- Kevin Menden (CET)
- Friederike Hanssen (CET)
- Michael Heuer (PST)

You can also report any CoC violations safety [at] nf-co [dot] re. Our safety officer, Renuka Kudva, will contact you to follow up on your report.  

In your email report, please do your best to include:

- Your contact information.
- Identifying information (e.g. names, nicknames, pseudonyms) of the participant who has violated the Code of Conduct.
- The behaviour that was in violation and the circumstances surrounding the incident.
- The approximate time of the behaviour (if different than the time the report was made)
- Other people involved in the incident if applicable.
- If you believe the incident is ongoing, please let us know.

> - If there is a publicly available record (e.g. mailing list record, a screenshot), please include a link.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If there is a publicly available record (e.g. mailing list record, a screenshot - please attach if so).
```
